Lotto Number Prediction with Ensemble Learning
This project investigates different machine learning models for predicting lottery numbers. It explores Random Forest, ARIMA, and LSTM models for predicting the next draw of a specific lottery (data source: Lotto.csv).

Dependencies
This project requires the following Python libraries:

pandas
numpy
scikit-learn
statsmodels
tensorflow
Installation:

Bash
pip install pandas numpy scikit-learn statsmodels tensorflow

Data Preprocessing
The script assumes the data is stored in a CSV file named Lotto.csv. It performs the following pre-processing steps:

Read the CSV file with pandas.
Reset the index and drop unnecessary rows.
Delete specific columns not used for prediction.
Assign meaningful column names to the remaining six numerical columns and a "strong" column (interpretation depends on the data).
Shift the feature columns by one time step for training and drop rows with missing values.
Split the data into training and testing sets.
Models
The script implements three different prediction models:

1. Random Forest:

Trains a separate Random Forest classifier for each numerical column (num1 to num6) and the "strong" column.
Predicts the next value for each column based on the trained models.
2. ARIMA:

Fits an ARIMA model (order: (5, 1, 0) - adjust as needed) to each numerical column individually.
Forecasts the next value for each column using the fitted model.
3. LSTM:

Creates sequences of past lottery draws with a defined length (10 in this example).
Trains an LSTM model to predict the next lottery draw based on the past sequences.
Note: These are basic implementations and can be improved with hyperparameter tuning and feature engineering.

Running the Script
Save the script as lotto_prediction.py.
Ensure the Lotto.csv file is in the same directory.
Run the script from the command line: python lotto_prediction.py
Output
The script prints the predictions for the next draw from each model:

Random Forest predictions for each column.
ARIMA predictions for each column.
LSTM predictions for all columns combined.